Hello and welcome to us
welcome you here to the heroic
iron oxide the johann i am the jock
scott hello we also beat directly
one at the first boss this nice
little place here on his wolf
intervenes and as so often is at
focus must you must first the wolf
Slash a bit and then
the bach goes down as well
the very first name of the meat shred still
gaal
that suggests very good not for
his good game is known
we make you first have to wolf
even if he then blows away from him
has risen because he is annoying and
then comes to the hall second
important skill if he is in this red
babbel gives then you should not him
because you 're scared that way
had berlin because your character has
fear of the red bar is gone I have
was suspect also fear that they are
then you should not hit yourself either
and really just out of the fire
go out that we come again and again
because that's people with arrows from the top
down shoot, however, we can
not do anything except sell then would
also dead and then it goes on already
you me second boss the overseer of
grimm track the supporters of the
founders berlin these three funny ones
friends here the different
skills are the most important thing
focused on you are the
healer in the middle the very many
blood clean you have to necessarily
do not interrupt that does not cure you
So do your friends and do some fishing
So you always do normal ones
the healer always first in hall first
only difference if the good one
big red babbel acts around him
and what before
then you should not be on it either
in that case, if you have the
Bubble destroyed which has just under 300,000
It heals those who live on the
most injured it in the case
No one can fight here in the fight
Allow ball and take too long
otherwise a funnier little one will stay
bub schedule shifts you have to
blow that's different for me
draws us down in halo and hunting
and then at the end only he is here
there is then the firefighters and
stay stationary on the ground stands the
Just want to party and dodge
blow him away
exactly
the next bus is even easier
The bosses are not here
all especially complicated even if they are
that's a bit more difficult
all about us at big finals
to prepare that for this funny one
kjaer comes is a cat one
big under the essential three things
the one on it he has summoned ads so
that is he swears he lets her out
The cage around the cage because the otherwise
pretty annoying there are no wolves the
Do a lot of harm to the
both Saturdays and this big guy
this is where many poison stuffs do it
you still have your primeval attack
So his primeval attack and
my favorite my favorite attack
it is the second time he supports it
on someone and try him
to feed on and he listens first
if you give him a certain
percentage of his life points into
face beating is relative
You should just go over it quickly
Pay attention that the one under him
lies and is being eaten to
one can still defend himself
So you should not just stop
press the pause button a bit
to go to the toilet and the other should
the one who is cooler and of course
use of hall also kulanz get what
really hurts and when you play the on
have been through long enough then lies
the north in the track and then get that
real highlight not so much because
the difficulty but easy
because it's one of the most charged effect
heroic bosses is me ever
have seen
he fights against this big gray one
here and his two also buddies now
not much happens as first skin
you the small place around the annoying
a little bit of it makes a bit
many melee damage therefore tanks
be sure to pay attention to both
tie and a coupe the place as possible
it's best to break it quickly
before the ground pushes you away
Exactly and then there is the second
act of putting that to his cannon then
you can do nothing first
He will come out as soon as you succeed
knocked over was annoying but not nearly
to 4
you see, it's coming now
the gray blare we will all over
bounced backwards to the rearmost
edge and must now as fast as possible
Cover look behind these two
constructions because now the reason namely
Rockets with rockets and you
you have to take care not to stay twice
these rocket attacks are behind
because the back is also a furnace of
you also can do harm
You can finish this if you completely
if you run to him and him
first meet then the phase is over
both continue the normal fight until
the next reason men's head you see
Normally you have all in now
then the second phase again
second place for you the little bit
Of course, first blow
No at the end had to go back
wait for rocket attacks and afterwards
can you hit the granden
the reason itself so long you not
is just throwing atomic bombs
actually relatively unspectacular
you should only take care as a close associate
or ranged or you do not have his battery
on many thanks